Precision Astronomy Libraries in Python
=======================================

This is a quick package that aims to export various high-precision
astronomy routines in the Python language. In particular it deals with
precise timekeeping and astrometry, using the SOFA and NOVAS
libraries.

Although it aspires to precision, it has only been used for relatively
undemanding applications thus far. I am not a VLBI astrometrist so
I could easily have gotten some things wrong in even the very few
features I've implemented so far.

Attribution, Licensing, and Copyright
=====================================

New files in this package are copyright Peter Williams and are
licensed under the GPL version 3 or higher.

Quoting novas/README.txt: "NOVAS has no licensing requirements. If
you use NOVAS in an application, an acknowledgement of the
Astronomical Applications Department of the U.S. Naval Observatory
would be appropriate."

Quoting the SOFA website: "Using SOFA software is free of charge under
the terms and conditions of the SOFA licence." This is currently
available at the bottom of every SOFA source file (eg sofa/src/dtdb.c)
as well as http://www.iausofa.org/tandc.html. "The copyright of the
SOFA Software belongs to the Standards Of Fundamental Astronomy Board
of the International Astronomical Union." ... "If your use of SOFA
results in a publication, presentation or product, please include a
citation. Evidence of your use of the SOFA libraries is necessary to
ensure continuing support of the initiative. The following is a
suitable form of words: 'Software Routines from the IAU SOFA
Collection were used. Copyright Â© International Astronomical Union
Standards of Fundamental Astronomy (http://www.iausofa.org)'."

The copyright and license of this file may be found below.

Copyright Notice
================

Copyright 2012 Peter Williams

This file is free documentation; the copyright holder gives unlimited
permission to copy, distribute, and modify it.
